Update：January 8, 2023

Effective：January 8, 2038

Preamble

Weixin is a social networking service provided by Tencent ("Weixin" referred to herein is a different product from its overseas version "WeChat". Weixin users are those who registered their accounts using a Chinese Mainland mobile number, while WeChat users are those using a non-Chinese Mainland number. All provisions in this Policy are formulated for Weixin users). This Policy is designed to inform you of how Weixin will collect, use, and store your personal information, and what rights you have in relation to your personal information. Please note that:

i. We will inform you of which personal information we will collect for a certain feature, how we will collect the information, and what purposes we will use such information for.

ii. During your use of some features, we will collect your personal information after obtaining your consent. For example, when you use Weixin's "WeRun" feature, we will collect the information on the number of steps you have taken; when you use "Find Mobile Contacts", we will collect the information of your mobile contacts; and when you use "People Nearby" and "Shake", we will collect your location information. Unless the provision of such information is required by the applicable laws and regulations, refusing to provide such information will only result in your inability to use the related features, and will not affect your use of other features of Weixin.

iii. Currently, Weixin will not share or transfer your personal information to a third party outside Tencent on its initiative. If it is necessary for Weixin to share or transfer your personal information to a third party outside Tencent or you request us to do the same, we will seek your express consent or verify that the third party has obtained your express consent before sharing or transferring the information. We will also evaluate the risks of sharing or transferring such information to a third party.

iv. Currently, Weixin will not request your personal information from a third party outside Tencent. If in the future, it is necessary for us to indirectly obtain your information from a third party for business development, we will inform you of the source from which we will collect such information, which information we will collect, and to what extent we will use such information before collecting the information. If we need to use your personal information collected from a third party beyond the extent to which you authorize the third party to use your information, we will seek your express consent before processing such information. We will strictly abide by the applicable laws and regulations, and require the third party to ensure the legality of the information it provides to us.

v. You can access, modify, or delete your personal information by following the procedures stated herein, or withdraw your consent, delete your account, report against another user, and set Personalized Ads and other privacy features.

vi. In order to collect your information under this Policy, or provide and optimize our services, and protect your account security, we will seek your authorization to access some information or features. The access to sensitive information or features such as Contacts, exact location information, camera, microphone, and album is disabled by default, and will only be enabled upon your express authorization. It is important to note that obtaining your authorization to access sensitive information or features is a necessary but not sufficient condition for us to collect certain information. Our acquisition of your authorization to access a sensitive feature shall not be considered that we will definitely collect your relevant information. We will only collect your relevant information when necessary and in accordance with this Policy.

1. Information We Collect

During your use of Weixin services, Weixin will collect your personal information (including the information you provide and that generated as a result of your use of a service) as follows to provide you with better services and protect your account security:

1.1 When you register a Weixin account, we will collect your name, profile photo, and mobile number to help you with the registration and ensure the security of your Weixin account. Mobile numbers are sensitive information, which is collected to support identity verification required by the applicable laws and regulations. Your failure to provide such information may cause your inability to use our services normally. Optionally, you may enter your gender, location, and other information as needed. You may also provide your voice biometrics information, which is sensitive information. Refusing to provide such information will only render the voiceprint feature unavailable to you, but will not affect your use of other features of Weixin.

1.2 During your use of Weixin services, in order to ensure the normal operation of the services, optimize the user experience and protect your account security, we will collect the basic information necessary for Weixin to provide services for you, including your device model, operating system, Unique Device Identifier (a string that the manufacturer assigns to your device to uniquely identify the device), login IP address, Weixin version number, the method, type and status of network connection, network condition, device accelerators (such as gravity sensor), operation logs, service logs (your searches and views in Weixin, service failures, referral URLs, etc.), and other information.

1.3 When you use Weixin's Moments feature, the text, photos, videos, comments, likes and other information you upload will be stored on our servers as necessary to implement this feature. Such information will be stored in an encrypted way. You may delete it at any time. Unless authorized by yourself or required by laws and regulations, we will not provide such information in your Moments to any third party or use it for any purposes other than implementing this feature.

1.4 When you use Weixin's Official Accounts (Subscription Accounts and Service Accounts), Weixin's Mini Programs, or other features, in order to provide better services (for improving the system and information security, supporting false message authentication, and providing more personalized services and content), Weixin will use your action logs of: Official Accounts - following, unfollowing, and interacting, viewing content, making payments, adding to favorites, recommending or sharing content, or managing floating windows (adding/removing/closing floating windows); Mini Programs - logging in to, browsing, and using Mini Programs, adding/removing to/from "My Mini Programs", and managing floating windows (adding/removing/closing floating windows).

1.5 During your use of Official Accounts, Mini Programs, Mini Games, and other features, without your authorization, Weixin will not disclose your personal information to the developers.

1.6 When you use Weixin's "People Nearby", "Shake", "Join Private Group", "Mini Programs Nearby", and other features, we will record your location information upon your authorization, to provide you with relevant services. Such information is sensitive, and refusing to provide such information will only result in your inability to use the aforesaid features, and will not affect your use of other features of Weixin. Optionally, you can disable the relevant features and clear your location information at any time.

1.7 When you use "WeRun", we will collect your step count information for comparison with your friends. Such information is sensitive and refusing to provide such information will only result in your inability to use "WeRun", and will not affect your use of other features of Weixin.

1.8 When you use "Find Mobile Contacts", your mobile contacts information will be irreversibly encrypted, and we'll only collect the encrypted information. Such information is sensitive and refusing to provide such information will only result in your inability to use "Find Mobile Contacts", and will not affect your use of other features of Weixin.

1.9 When you use "Search" or "Top Stories", we will collect information of your search history, browsing history, recommendation history, the time of your access, and your comments and interactions in order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services and content. In order to make the content you recommend visible to more users, we may provide your recommendation history for other apps under Tencent when you use the recommendation feature in "Top Stories" (for example, when you tap "Wow"). Such recommendation history will not be accessible to the users other than those you allow to view your content in Weixin.

When you use LBS (Location Based Service) such as "Search", in order to provide you with more accurate search results, we will collect your location information upon your authorization. Such information is sensitive information. Refusing to provide such information will only result in your inability to use the aforesaid feature or to obtain the result that the service intends to provide you based on your location information, and will not affect your use of other features of Weixin.

1.10 When you use voice input, speech-to-text conversion, perform "Search" on chat messages (including text and images), use Weixin translation feature (including translating the text in chat messages and images), and "Scan" feature, we will collect your speech, the speech or text to be converted, the information to be searched, the information to be translated, the scanned information, and other information necessary for implementing the aforesaid features. After real-time processing, we will return the result to you and will not retain such information.

1.11 The Weixin Pay service is provided by Tenpay. When you enable the Weixin Pay feature, Tenpay will collect your name, ID numbe
